README.md, before:

# Drupal 8 Boilerplate
This is a boilerplate for quickly getting started with a Drupal 8 project.

## Remove the git repository
As this is a boilerplate, I would suggest removing the git repository with `rm -rf .git`, and then create your own git respository with `git init && git add . && git commit -m "Initial commit using the Drupal 8 Boilerplate"`

## Using Composer to manage dependencies
I am using Composer to manage dependencies, as explicitly declaring and isolating dependencies is good practice.

Therefore, once you have cloned this repository, run `composer install` to install all the dependencies. This boilerplate includes 3 dependencies, they are:

- Drupal 8
  - Drupal 8 itself is a dependency, therefore Drupal gets installed using Composer.
- Admin Toolbar
  - Alters the admin toolbar to have dropdowns so sub menus are easier to access
- Devel
  - A suite of helpful tools for development

For information on managing contributed modules with Composer [read this](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/using-composer/using-composer-to-manage-drupal-site-dependencies#managing-contributed).

Commit message:

Disable page caching for development

README.md, after:

# Drupal 8 Boilerplate
This is a boilerplate for quickly getting started with a Drupal 8 project.

## Remove the git repository
As this is a boilerplate, I would suggest removing the git repository with `rm -rf .git`, and then create your own git respository with `git init && git add . && git commit -m "Initial commit using the Drupal 8 Boilerplate"`

## Disable page caching during development
Please note, accessing the site as an anonymous user will still cache the page, so make sure you are logged in to see the site with caches disabled.
1. From the root of the project run `cp web/sites/example.settings.local.php web/sites/default web/sites/default/settings.local.php`.
2. Open the newly created settings.local.php file.
3. Uncomment the following `$settings['cache']['bins']['render'] = 'cache.backend.null';`.
4. Uncomment the following `$settings['cache']['bins']['dynamic_page_cache'] = 'cache.backend.null';`.
5. Open the settings.php file and uncomment the following section
```php
if (file_exists($app_root . '/' . $site_path . '/settings.local.php')) {
 include $app_root . '/' . $site_path . '/settings.local.php';
}
```

## Using Composer to manage dependencies
I am using Composer to manage dependencies, as explicitly declaring and isolating dependencies is good practice.

Therefore, once you have cloned this repository, run `composer install` to install all the dependencies. This boilerplate includes 3 dependencies, they are:

- Drupal 8
  - Drupal 8 itself is a dependency, therefore Drupal gets installed using Composer.
- Admin Toolbar
  - Alters the admin toolbar to have dropdowns so sub menus are easier to access
- Devel
  - A suite of helpful tools for development

For information on managing contributed modules with Composer [read this](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/using-composer/using-composer-to-manage-drupal-site-dependencies#managing-contributed).
